Chinese is the symbol of China, Chinese is the symbol of China,
Chinese records the process from prosperity to decline, from decline to prosperity,
Chinese has become an indispensable part of China. Chinese characters is a kind of interesting,
complex words？ each Chinese are now have evolved, pictographs, come over a long time ago,
there was a foreigner like Chinese characters, he even spent decades of years to study Chinese,
he will be every character from them to the evolution of modern Chinese characters,
the meaning of Chinese characters and recorded in detail the origin of Chinese characters,
 He proved that Chinese characters are interesting and diverse by his actions.
 He showed Chinese characters to many foreign people and made the world know Chinese characters.
 We all call him "Uncle Chinese characters". The Chinese language is not only interesting and diverse,
 but also very complex. The Chinese language gradually evolved from oracle bone script, golden script,
 small seal script, official script, regular script and running script to the present.
 Each type of script is very complicated. Up to now,
 only some pictographs like pictures are still vivid in Chinese characters. Later, people formed sentences one by one,
 and then formed sentences into classical Chinese, poems, words, songs, articles, and then the vernacular Chinese,
 a process from complexity to simplification. Hu Shi was the advocate of the vernacular Chinese movement,
 which is the style of writing we use today. We often use vernacular Chinese to explain the meaning of classical Chinese when we study it. Later,
 is now the developed social science and technology, all or all kinds of chat software to replace the old method some people have the remote communication, writing, people gradually use the keyboard and mobile phone to replace the pen to "writing" Chinese characters, people no longer to write to people in my age and even some can't even write format, writing was a the trend of The Times, I still vaguely remember a stack of yellow envelopes in my brother's room when I was a child. I have seen a program of Zhou Libo and Cui Yongyuan, Zhou Libo regrets that today's society has been slowly no longer use a pen to write a letter, Cui Yongyuan also regrets, Zhou Libo took advantage of this time, cui Yongyuan young love letter. It has to be said that Cui Yongyuan's literary talent is very good, but it also reflects the benefits of writing letters, writing beautiful and not, you can see a person's character...... Chinese characters are the soul of China. Don't let Chinese characters become "non-cultural material heritage".